Belinda's Dream Campaign Organiser (rough notes!) 

A freeform note utility sort of the treepad/jreepad structure.
There’s a list on the left hand side and a text window on the right. 
You can create a main topic and then create a child of that topic into infinitum. 
So I could make a main topic called ‘NPCs’ and sub-topics like ‘PC group’ and ‘GM City PC group’.
A sub-topic of the PC group could be ‘Sargad the World’s Greatest Lunar’ with information about 
that character. I could make a link to the character’s data, also stored in Anathema. 

The text window would allow basic formatting (dot points) and so forth.
It would also allow the user to embed hypertext links, in program links and images. 
Possibly HTML based. I’d be able to click on a topic and either export that topic to PDF 
or whatever for printing, and also have the option of when I clicked on a topic, 
to be able to export all of that topic’s children to the output file as well. 
You could also link to other external files as well that can launch in your browser
of choice or system browser. 

I’d like the ability to define my own categories. You could have it come with default
categories (NPCs, Locations) for people who like a bit more structure. 
Maybe an option to export the campaign notes to an ‘index card’ layout, for printing.
Or you can keep it at A4 size. And you could make NPC index cards as well, including a 
stat block that’s perhaps been dragged over from the NPC creation section. 

Maybe a user data entry section where they enter stuff for custom charms, artefacts, MAs and
these can in turn be ‘dragged over’ to the freeform campaign note section, where a small 
statblock of the article appears, or at least is available upon printing. 

Maybe the note section would allow hidden/reveal text. You could could write out a scenario
in the editor, and ‘hide’ the GM notes and then un-hide them. This means you can store your
player and GM notes in the same file without maintaining multiple versions, to eliminate 
information redundancy.

Added later by Lazarus: Look at http://www.geocities.com/blackwing_leader